# Terms and Conditions

**General terms:** The organizing team provides this service to assist authors with verifying the compliance of their paper with the NeurIPS 2024 checklist and conduct research on improving the NeurIPS checklist. It is based on a third party large language model (GPT-4 by OpenAI). The participants are advised that their paper will be sent to the API of OpenAI, and thus be treated under the conditions of confidentiality of OpenAI. To be eligible for participation, all participants must adhere to the stipulated terms and conditions. The organizers retain the right to make changes or additions to the terms and conditions at any time. This challenge is hosted by ChaLearn and Codabench and therefore it is governed by the [General ChaLearn Contest Rules](http://www.causality.inf.ethz.ch/GeneralChalearnContestRuleTerms.html) and the [terms of use of Codalab Competitions](https://github.com/codalab/codalab-competitions/wiki/Privacy), and the other conditions set forth. The participants grant permission to the organizing team to analyze their submissions, but retain ownership of their submissions. 

**Registration and announcements:** The participants must register to Codabench and provide a valid email address to receive announcements and be informed of any change in the rules. Teams must register only once and provide a group email, which is forwarded to all team members. Teams or solo participants registering multiple times to gain an advantage in number of submissions allowed may be disqualified. The organizers will use the competition forum to communicate with the participants about any announcements and changes.

**Submissions:** The submissions are made via the Codabench platform. The entries must be formatted as specified on the Instructions page. The number of submissions per day and maximum total computational time are restrained and subject to change, according to the number of participants. Using multiple accounts to increase the number of submissions in NOT permitted.  The participants are required to only submit papers that are their own and seek permission from their co-authors to do so. This service is not for use by third parties, including reviewers. **Please refrain from submitting papers that are not your own.** Any external links included in a paper submission are excluded from processing. The content generated by this service does not consider or analyze external links and should not be interpreted in connection with them. Thus the authors are invited to include in the main body of their paper or the attached appendix (included in the same submitted PDF) all relevant information to support the answers to the checklist questions.

**Anonymity:** The participants who do not present their results at the conference can elect to remain anonymous by using a pseudonym and submitting anonymized papers. **We recommend to only submit anonymized papers.** The participant scores will be published on the leaderboard under their pseudonym. Their real name will remain confidential and the textual feedback of the LLM will only be visible to themselves and the organizers. However, the participants must disclose their real identity to the organizers to submit workshop papers, and they will be encouraged (but not forced) to publish their data, at this occasion.

**Prizes and dissemination:** This challenge is for research and educational purposes only and no prizes are granted. The participants will be encouraged to submit a paper analyzing their submissions and results. The papers will be reviewed by the organizing committee and accepted papers will be invited to present to the NeurIPS 2024 competition workshop. Travel awards will be granted according to availability of sponsor money, and merit, and needs of the participants.

**Disclaimer:** This service aims to assist participants in writing good papers, it is not a substitute for the anyone’s critical thinking and expertise. This service is provided "as is", and the organizing team and the sponsors (including [NeurIPS](https://nips.cc) and [OpenReview](https://openreview.net/) decline any express or implied warranties, and they are not liable for any direct or indirect consequential damages, including, but not limited to, errors in the evaluations or incorrect claims made, public exposure or loss of data, and interruption of service, however caused. This is NOT the NeurIPS paper submission system. The authors should submit their paper to OpenReview for review by NeurIPS. They are reminded to exercise their own discretion and judgment when utilizing this service and to adhere to all NeurIPS guidelines and policies when submitting their paper for review to NeurIPS 2024. 

**Contact:** The preferred means of communication is via the competition forum. In case of problem, send email to [checklist@chalearn.org](mailto:checklist@chalearn.org).